ANDROID SUDOKU SOLVER

SudoSolver is an Android app for solving Sudoku puzzles using Knuth's Dancing
Links algorithm written in Java and licensed under the 3-clause BSD license.
You can find license details in the LICENSE file, located in the root directory
of the source distribution.

The program solves Sudoku grids by converting them into an instance of the
exact cover problem, solving the exact cover with a Dancing Links
implementation of Knuth's Algorithm X, and converting the solution back
into an instance of Sudoku. The program will also detect if a puzzle is
unsolvable.

This app is an Android port of my various other Sudoku solvers hosted on
github at:

   http://github.com/bconniff

Download the APK at:

   http://github.com/bconniff/SudoSolver/SudoSolver.apk

If you'd like to build it yourself or modify it, keep reading...

REQUIREMENTS

Of all the different ports of my Sudoku solver, this has the most requirements
to build.

Firstly, you will need a recent Java SDK, and possibly Apache's Ant build tool.

Secondly, you will need a recent version of the Android SDK. From the Android SDK,
install the most recent Android API packages.

Lastly, you will need the Eclipse IDE, and the ADT plugin for Eclipse.

COMPILATION

Once you have all the required tools installed, building the app is farily
simple.

First, import the project into Eclipse. To do this, open Eclipse and select the
"File > Import..." menu option. From the import dialog, choose "Android >
Existing Android Code into Workspace". Select the root directory of your source
download and check the project. Continue following the prompts in the import
wizard.

Next, use Eclipse to export the project as an Android app. To do this, choose
"File > Export..." from the menu in Eclipse. From the export dialog, choose
"Android > Export Android Application". Select the project from the browse
menu, and choose a key to sign the app with (or create a key). Lastly, choose
a location to save the APK file.

INSTALLATION

Once you've generated the APK file, you can copy the app to your phone's SD
card by your preferred method. Open the APK in a file browser on your phone
to install it.
